Motivation and Mindset: Add assignment section (#27467)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/introduction/motivation_and_mindset.md

Learning any new skill is a journey full of speed bumps and obstacles to be overcome. We hope that the principles laid out here will put you in a much better position to succeed and get the most out of The Odin Project.

### Assignment

<div class="lesson-content__panel" markdown="1">

1. To give your motivation a bit of a boost, read about the success of others in our discord [odin-success-stories](https://discord.com/channels/505093832157691914/1089990025162260570) channel (You need to [join the Discord server](https://discord.gg/fbFCkYabZB) first in order to see the channel).
1. To learn more about the growth mindset, check out these resources:
  - [Believe you can get better](https://www.ted.com/talks/carol_dweck_the_power_of_believing_that_you_can_improve)
  - [Grit](https://ted.com/talks/angela_lee_duckworth_grit_the_power_of_passion_and_perseverance)
  - [You can learn anything](https://www.khanacademy.org/college-careers-more/talks-and-interviews/talks-and-interviews-unit/conversations-with-sal/a/the-learning-myth-why-ill-never-tell-my-son-hes-smart)

> 1. To learn more about the best ways to learn, read [learning how to learn on Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/learn/learning-how-to-learn).

Reviewer: Nit: While we're here, doing the full course could be a lengthy distraction and unnecessary for learners. I think it should be optional and in the additional resources. We could replace it with a quick summary video instead:

```suggestion
1. To learn more about the best ways to learn, watch this summary of [Coursera's learning how to learn course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O96fE1E-rf8). The full course is linked in the additional resources.
```

  - [TypingClub.com](https://www.typingclub.com)
  - [Monkeytype](https://monkeytype.com/)
- [Why Procrastinators Procrastinate](https://waitbutwhy.com/2013/10/why-procrastinators-procrastinate.html) Learn about the Instant Gratification Monkey, Rational Decision Maker, Panic Monster, and how to navigate the Dark Playground. [Short video introduction from the same author](https://youtu.be/arj7oStGLkU)

> - The Ruby Rogues have a [podcast on How to Learn](https://topenddevs.com/podcasts/ruby-rogues/episodes/131-rr-how-to-learn), which should be motivational and useful to you, so check it out for some useful thoughts on learning.

Author: I've added the changes you've mentioned but I think the video is quite lengthy, would it be better to put it into additional resources instead? Feel like point 2 of assignment already goes quite in-depth into the growth mindset

> - The Ruby Rogues have a [podcast on How to Learn](https://topenddevs.com/podcasts/ruby-rogues/episodes/131-rr-how-to-learn), which should be motivational and useful to you, so check it out for some useful thoughts on learning.

Reviewer: Thanks @nikitarevenco, 

> would it be better to put it into additional resources instead? Feel like point 2 of assignment already goes quite in-depth into the growth mindset. I want people to get coding faster!

I think its still worth having. It doesn't cover the same mindset stuff the second assignment does, its more about tactics while learning. It should compliment the growth/grit assignment well.

> Also, I think the 16-hour course may be a bit too much and I would consider that a rabbit hole honestly. Maybe its worth to remove the mention of that course and just have the video in the additional resources?

I agree, it would be too much for an assignment, but should be ok in the additional resources. I'd be reluctant to remove it entirely, its well regarded within the community. A lot of people thank us for introducing it to them. If it's in additional resources, its more of a choice than an obligation.

> - The Ruby Rogues have a [podcast on How to Learn](https://topenddevs.com/podcasts/ruby-rogues/episodes/131-rr-how-to-learn), which should be motivational and useful to you, so check it out for some useful thoughts on learning.

Author: > Thanks @nikitarevenco,
> 
> > would it be better to put it into additional resources instead? Feel like point 2 of assignment already goes quite in-depth into the growth mindset. I want people to get coding faster!
> 
> I think its still worth having. It doesn't cover the same mindset stuff the second assignment does, its more about tactics while learning. It should compliment the growth/grit assignment well.
> 
> > Also, I think the 16-hour course may be a bit too much and I would consider that a rabbit hole honestly. Maybe its worth to remove the mention of that course and just have the video in the additional resources?
> 
> I agree, it would be too much for an assignment, but should be ok in the additional resources. I'd be reluctant to remove it entirely, its well regarded within the community. A lot of people thank us for introducing it to them. If it's in additional resources, its more of a choice than an obligation.

Alright, I've added the mention of the course to additional resources
